Cut 3"x18" strips out of the hardboard. These will be your dividers.

Cut out the pieces of the box as shown in the diagram. The short long pieces are your long sides and the others are your short sides. You can optionally make the top a little longer so it has a lip for easily picking it up. This will make a latch harder to attach though.

Route out the spacing for the cards. They should start at 4.25" from a long edge and repeat with 3.75" between them. Use a 1/8" router bit for best results that'll add 1/8" to the spacing so 3 7/8" from line to line. There should be three evenly spaced when you're done. You can use the extra plywood from cutting out the pieces as a guide for the router to help keep it straight or anything else that's straight and long enough.

Attach the sides starting by screwing them into the bottom piece from below. Long sides first then short sides in between them. Then attach them at the sides screwing from the long side into the short side. 1" screws work great for this and some wood glue to help hold them in place.

Next attach the lid with two hinges. I found that spacing them about 2" from the edge makes putting trim on easier.

Optional steps:

Trim: Buy some trim that is at least 1/2" wide. You don't want it much wider though or it won't work on the top. Angle cut  it so the shorter dimension is the flat part that gets hidden and has length equal to each side(for the back top don't angle cut the pieces that will be against the hinges) don't worry about the vertical sides yet. Now stain the trim and you can attach it with finishing nails and wood glue. Attach it so that one edge of it is flush with the top and the other flush with the bottom. Then measure the remaining space and cut trims for each corner. For the back make the trim at least 1/2" shorter so it doesn't interfere with the hinge opening. Stain and attach those pieces and you're done.

Latch: Buy a latch and attach to the front as the latch instructions dictate. If you made the top longer you'll have to file or cut out a section for it.

Logo: Print off the logo stencil. Cover the top of the box with a heavy layer of painters tape. Tape down the stencil centered on the box over the painters tape. Cut out each section carefully. Peel away just the parts that will be stained blue now. Stain it. Once it is completely dry peel off the parts that will be colored red and put painters tape along their edges to prevent bleed. Then stain it. Once everything is dry you can remove the rest of the tape.
For the stain I used Minwax Performance Series Tintable Stain Navy and Minwax Water-Based Wood Stain Crimson